# Languages and money: the language and the currency of each country.
english is the language of britain.
english is the language of usa.
english is the language of united states.
english is the language of australia.
english is the language of canada.
english is the language of ireland.
english is the language of new zealand.
english is the language of jamaica.
english is the language of nigeria.
english is the language of ghana.
english is the language of uganda.
english is the language of zambia.
english is the language of zimbabwe.
english is the language of botswana.
english is the language of namibia.
english is the language of liberia.
english is the language of sierra leone.
english is the language of malawi.
english is the language of singapore.
english is the language of south sudan.
english is the language of bahamas.
english is the language of barbados.
english is the language of trinidad.
english is the language of fiji.
english is the language of papua.
spanish is the language of argentina.
spanish is the language of chile.
spanish is the language of colombia.
spanish is the language of peru.
spanish is the language of venezuela.
spanish is the language of ecuador.
spanish is the language of bolivia.
spanish is the language of uruguay.
spanish is the language of paraguay.
spanish is the language of cuba.
spanish is the language of dominican republic.
spanish is the language of guatemala.
spanish is the language of honduras.
spanish is the language of el salvador.
spanish is the language of nicaragua.
spanish is the language of costa rica.
spanish is the language of panama.
french is the language of belgium.
french is the language of monaco.
french is the language of haiti.
french is the language of senegal.
french is the language of ivory coast.
french is the language of mali.
french is the language of niger.
french is the language of chad.
french is the language of burkina faso.
french is the language of guinea.
french is the language of cameroon.
french is the language of gabon.
french is the language of congo.
portuguese is the language of angola.
portuguese is the language of mozambique.
arabic is the language of saudi arabia.
arabic is the language of iraq.
arabic is the language of syria.
arabic is the language of jordan.
arabic is the language of lebanon.
arabic is the language of yemen.
arabic is the language of oman.
arabic is the language of emirates.
arabic is the language of kuwait.
arabic is the language of qatar.
arabic is the language of bahrain.
arabic is the language of libya.
arabic is the language of tunisia.
arabic is the language of algeria.
arabic is the language of morocco.
arabic is the language of sudan.
arabic is the language of mauritania.
german is the language of austria.
german is the language of switzerland.
dutch is the language of netherlands.
dutch is the language of suriname.
italian is the language of vatican.
greek is the language of greece.
greek is the language of cyprus.
turkish is the language of turkey.
russian is the language of belarus.
ukrainian is the language of ukraine.
polish is the language of poland.
czech is the language of czechia.
slovak is the language of slovakia.
hungarian is the language of hungary.
romanian is the language of romania.
bulgarian is the language of bulgaria.
serbian is the language of serbia.
croatian is the language of croatia.
slovene is the language of slovenia.
albanian is the language of albania.
lithuanian is the language of lithuania.
latvian is the language of latvia.
estonian is the language of estonia.
finnish is the language of finland.
swedish is the language of sweden.
norwegian is the language of norway.
danish is the language of denmark.
icelandic is the language of iceland.
maltese is the language of malta.
catalan is the language of andorra.
georgian is the language of georgia.
armenian is the language of armenia.
azeri is the language of azerbaijan.
kazakh is the language of kazakhstan.
uzbek is the language of uzbekistan.
turkmen is the language of turkmenistan.
kyrgyz is the language of kyrgyzstan.
tajik is the language of tajikistan.
persian is the language of iran.
pashto is the language of afghanistan.
hebrew is the language of israel.
urdu is the language of pakistan.
bengali is the language of bangladesh.
sinhala is the language of sri lanka.
nepali is the language of nepal.
dzongkha is the language of bhutan.
burmese is the language of myanmar.
thai is the language of thailand.
lao is the language of laos.
khmer is the language of cambodia.
vietnamese is the language of vietnam.
malay is the language of malaysia.
indonesian is the language of indonesia.
tetum is the language of east timor.
tagalog is the language of philippines.
korean is the language of south korea.
korean is the language of north korea.
chinese is the language of taiwan.
mongolian is the language of mongolia.
swahili is the language of kenya.
swahili is the language of tanzania.
amharic is the language of ethiopia.
somali is the language of somalia.
tigrinya is the language of eritrea.
zulu is the language of south africa.
afrikaans is the language of namibia.
malagasy is the language of madagascar.
samoan is the language of samoa.
tongan is the language of tonga.
bislama is the language of vanuatu.
the euro is the currency of spain.
the euro is the currency of portugal.
the euro is the currency of greece.
the euro is the currency of austria.
the euro is the currency of belgium.
the euro is the currency of netherlands.
the euro is the currency of ireland.
the euro is the currency of finland.
the euro is the currency of slovakia.
the euro is the currency of slovenia.
the euro is the currency of estonia.
the euro is the currency of latvia.
the euro is the currency of lithuania.
the euro is the currency of luxembourg.
the euro is the currency of malta.
the euro is the currency of cyprus.
the euro is the currency of croatia.
the euro is the currency of monaco.
the euro is the currency of vatican.
the euro is the currency of andorra.
the pound is the currency of britain.
the pound is the currency of united kingdom.
the pound is the currency of egypt.
the pound is the currency of lebanon.
the pound is the currency of syria.
the pound is the currency of sudan.
the dollar is the currency of usa.
the dollar is the currency of united states.
the dollar is the currency of australia.
the dollar is the currency of new zealand.
the dollar is the currency of singapore.
the dollar is the currency of taiwan.
the dollar is the currency of jamaica.
the dollar is the currency of bahamas.
the dollar is the currency of barbados.
the dollar is the currency of trinidad.
the dollar is the currency of ecuador.
the dollar is the currency of el salvador.
the dollar is the currency of fiji.
the dollar is the currency of namibia.
the dollar is the currency of liberia.
the franc is the currency of switzerland.
the franc is the currency of senegal.
the franc is the currency of ivory coast.
the franc is the currency of mali.
the franc is the currency of niger.
the franc is the currency of chad.
the franc is the currency of burkina faso.
the franc is the currency of benin.
the franc is the currency of togo.
the franc is the currency of guinea.
the franc is the currency of cameroon.
the franc is the currency of gabon.
the franc is the currency of congo.
the krone is the currency of norway.
the krone is the currency of denmark.
the krona is the currency of sweden.
the krona is the currency of iceland.
the zloty is the currency of poland.
the forint is the currency of hungary.
the koruna is the currency of czechia.
the leu is the currency of romania.
the lev is the currency of bulgaria.
the lira is the currency of turkey.
the hryvnia is the currency of ukraine.
the ruble is the currency of belarus.
the dinar is the currency of serbia.
the dinar is the currency of algeria.
the dinar is the currency of iraq.
the dinar is the currency of jordan.
the dinar is the currency of kuwait.
the dinar is the currency of tunisia.
the dinar is the currency of libya.
the dinar is the currency of bahrain.
the lek is the currency of albania.
the lari is the currency of georgia.
the dram is the currency of armenia.
the manat is the currency of azerbaijan.
the manat is the currency of turkmenistan.
the tenge is the currency of kazakhstan.
the som is the currency of kyrgyzstan.
the somoni is the currency of tajikistan.
the afghani is the currency of afghanistan.
the tugrik is the currency of mongolia.
the dirham is the currency of morocco.
the dirham is the currency of emirates.
the riyal is the currency of saudi arabia.
the riyal is the currency of qatar.
the riyal is the currency of yemen.
the rial is the currency of iran.
the rial is the currency of oman.
the shekel is the currency of israel.
the rupee is the currency of pakistan.
the rupee is the currency of nepal.
the rupee is the currency of sri lanka.
the taka is the currency of bangladesh.
the ngultrum is the currency of bhutan.
the rupiah is the currency of indonesia.
the ringgit is the currency of malaysia.
the baht is the currency of thailand.
the dong is the currency of vietnam.
the won is the currency of south korea.
the won is the currency of north korea.
the kyat is the currency of myanmar.
the riel is the currency of cambodia.
the kip is the currency of laos.
the peso is the currency of philippines.
the peso is the currency of argentina.
the peso is the currency of chile.
the peso is the currency of colombia.
the peso is the currency of cuba.
the peso is the currency of uruguay.
the peso is the currency of dominican republic.
the sol is the currency of peru.
the boliviano is the currency of bolivia.
the guarani is the currency of paraguay.
the bolivar is the currency of venezuela.
the balboa is the currency of panama.
the quetzal is the currency of guatemala.
the lempira is the currency of honduras.
the cordoba is the currency of nicaragua.
the colon is the currency of costa rica.
the gourde is the currency of haiti.
the rand is the currency of south africa.
the naira is the currency of nigeria.
the cedi is the currency of ghana.
the shilling is the currency of kenya.
the shilling is the currency of uganda.
the shilling is the currency of tanzania.
the shilling is the currency of somalia.
the birr is the currency of ethiopia.
the nakfa is the currency of eritrea.
the kwacha is the currency of zambia.
the kwacha is the currency of malawi.
the metical is the currency of mozambique.
the kwanza is the currency of angola.
the pula is the currency of botswana.
the leone is the currency of sierra leone.
the ouguiya is the currency of mauritania.
the ariary is the currency of madagascar.
the kina is the currency of papua.
the tala is the currency of samoa.
the vatu is the currency of vanuatu.
