# Inventions and discoveries: the year each one came, what it is, and who made it.
the telephone was in 1876.
the lightbulb was in 1879.
the phonograph was in 1877.
the radio was in 1895.
the television was in 1926.
the airplane was in 1903.
printing was in 1440.
the telescope was in 1608.
the microscope was in 1590.
dynamite was in 1867.
penicillin was in 1928.
the vaccine was in 1796.
the telegraph was in 1837.
the battery was in 1800.
the locomotive was in 1825.
the steamboat was in 1807.
the bicycle was in 1817.
the rocket was in 1926.
the jet was in 1939.
the balloon was in 1783.
the parachute was in 1797.
the elevator was in 1853.
the camera was in 1826.
cinema was in 1895.
the piano was in 1700.
the saxophone was in 1846.
the barometer was in 1643.
the stethoscope was in 1816.
aspirin was in 1897.
the typewriter was in 1868.
the zipper was in 1893.
the gramophone was in 1887.
the thermos was in 1892.
the microwave was in 1945.
the laser was in 1960.
the microchip was in 1958.
paper was in 105.
the calculator was in 1642.
braille was in 1824.
esperanto was in 1887.
velcro was in 1941.
nylon was in 1935.
bakelite was in 1907.
the hovercraft was in 1955.
insulin was in 1921.
radium was in 1898.
tetris was in 1984.
the lightbulb is an invention.
the phonograph is an invention.
the radio is an invention.
the television is an invention.
the airplane is an invention.
the car is an invention.
the microscope is an invention.
dynamite is an invention.
the vaccine is an invention.
the web is an invention.
the telegraph is an invention.
the battery is an invention.
the locomotive is an invention.
the steamboat is an invention.
the bicycle is an invention.
the motorcycle is an invention.
the helicopter is an invention.
the rocket is an invention.
the jet is an invention.
the balloon is an invention.
the parachute is an invention.
the elevator is an invention.
the camera is an invention.
cinema is an invention.
the piano is an invention.
the saxophone is an invention.
the thermometer is an invention.
the barometer is an invention.
the stethoscope is an invention.
the typewriter is an invention.
the zipper is an invention.
the gramophone is an invention.
the thermos is an invention.
the microwave is an invention.
the transistor is an invention.
the laser is an invention.
the microchip is an invention.
the calculator is an invention.
velcro is an invention.
nylon is an invention.
the hovercraft is an invention.
the submarine is an invention.
the refrigerator is an invention.
the seismograph is an invention.
the inventor of the telephone is bell.
the inventor of the lightbulb is edison.
the inventor of the phonograph is edison.
the inventor of the radio is marconi.
the inventor of the television is baird.
the inventor of the airplane is wright.
the inventor of the car is benz.
the inventor of the motorcycle is daimler.
the inventor of printing is gutenberg.
the inventor of the microscope is janssen.
the inventor of dynamite is nobel.
the inventor of the vaccine is jenner.
the inventor of the web is berners.
the inventor of the telegraph is morse.
the inventor of the battery is volta.
the inventor of the thermometer is galileo.
the inventor of the barometer is torricelli.
the inventor of the piano is cristofori.
the inventor of the saxophone is sax.
the inventor of the bicycle is drais.
the inventor of the tyre is dunlop.
the inventor of the typewriter is sholes.
the inventor of the zipper is judson.
the inventor of jeans is strauss.
the inventor of the microwave is spencer.
the inventor of the elevator is otis.
the inventor of the helicopter is sikorsky.
the inventor of the balloon is montgolfier.
the inventor of the parachute is garnerin.
the inventor of the rocket is goddard.
the inventor of the jet is whittle.
the inventor of the locomotive is stephenson.
the inventor of the steamboat is fulton.
the inventor of the submarine is drebbel.
the inventor of the camera is niepce.
the inventor of cinema is lumiere.
the inventor of the gramophone is berliner.
the inventor of the laser is maiman.
the inventor of linux is torvalds.
the inventor of java is gosling.
the inventor of the iphone is jobs.
the inventor of tetris is pajitnov.
the inventor of the stethoscope is laennec.
the inventor of aspirin is hoffmann.
the inventor of bifocals is franklin.
the inventor of the calculator is pascal.
the inventor of logarithms is napier.
the inventor of calculus is newton.
the inventor of algebra is khwarizmi.
the inventor of esperanto is zamenhof.
the inventor of basketball is naismith.
the inventor of volleyball is morgan.
the inventor of lego is christiansen.
the inventor of velcro is mestral.
the inventor of nylon is carothers.
the inventor of bakelite is baekeland.
the inventor of the hovercraft is cockerell.
the inventor of the dishwasher is cochrane.
the inventor of the refrigerator is perkins.
the inventor of the seismograph is zhang.
the inventor of the dynamo is faraday.
the inventor of the pen is biro.
the inventor of the toothbrush is addis.
the inventor of the crossword is wynne.
the inventor of the razor is gillette.
the inventor of the lawnmower is budding.
the inventor of cornflakes is kellogg.
the inventor of the photocopier is carlson.
the inventor of the thermos is dewar.
the inventor of the match is walker.
the inventor of the kindergarten is froebel.
the discoverer of penicillin is fleming.
the discoverer of gravity is newton.
the discoverer of oxygen is priestley.
the discoverer of hydrogen is cavendish.
the discoverer of radium is curie.
the discoverer of polonium is curie.
the discoverer of radioactivity is becquerel.
the discoverer of the electron is thomson.
the discoverer of the neutron is chadwick.
the discoverer of the nucleus is rutherford.
the discoverer of the proton is rutherford.
the discoverer of the positron is anderson.
the discoverer of fission is hahn.
the discoverer of uranus is herschel.
the discoverer of neptune is galle.
the discoverer of pluto is tombaugh.
the discoverer of ceres is piazzi.
the discoverer of pulsars is burnell.
the discoverer of insulin is banting.
the discoverer of evolution is darwin.
the discoverer of relativity is einstein.
the discoverer of bacteria is leeuwenhoek.
the discoverer of cells is hooke.
the discoverer of circulation is harvey.
the discoverer of heredity is mendel.
the discoverer of dna is miescher.
the discoverer of viruses is ivanovsky.
the discoverer of vitamins is funk.
the discoverer of electromagnetism is oersted.
the discoverer of induction is faraday.
the discoverer of superconductivity is onnes.
the discoverer of helium is lockyer.
the discoverer of argon is ramsay.
the discoverer of neon is ramsay.
the discoverer of chlorine is scheele.
the discoverer of sodium is davy.
the discoverer of potassium is davy.
the discoverer of phosphorus is brand.
the discoverer of the pacific is balboa.
the discoverer of brazil is cabral.
the discoverer of newfoundland is cabot.
the discoverer of tasmania is tasman.
the discoverer of troy is schliemann.
the discoverer of tutankhamun is carter.
